SHORT TERM TODO FOR NEXT RELEASE

Bring in Mauro's new update list code. DONE.

Fix issue where loading/saving queue re-sorts them (have the fix).  It should
not re-sort -- when loading, it should overwrite or append (see next item);
when saving, it should use copy the temp queue to the saved queue, nothing
more.  DONE.

Fix issue where loading backup or user-saved queue overwrites current tmp
queue.  Suppose user adds a lot to the queue before going to the queue menu?
Instead, maybe automatically append or ask if user wants to overwrite or
append (have the fix).  DONE.

Whitespace cleanups - 70 or 78 columns?  Leaning towards 78.  DONE - 78 :)

Add code re: unselecting apps in 'view_queue' changes to OFF, instead of
removing them (have this working but not committed yet).  See sbopkg ML.
DONE.

Once the unselecting code is added, need to revisit how to delete individual
items from queue.  Maybe have the current "Clear Queue" menu item take the
user to another checklist of the queue, but in this one unselecting items
/will/ remove them and also offer a button to 'clear' the entire queue at
once.  See sbopkg ML.  DONE.

Fix issue where download does not complete at all -- maybe mirror times out --
and currently sbopkg still tests for md5sum, which is dumb.  It should know if
there is nothing in the temporarily-created download directory and tell user
that download failed, and not offer to delete the source since there is no
source.  Along these lines, one user mentioned that when this happened, the
item that failed the download was skipped when the user aborted the queue and
reran it.  I could not reproduce this, but need to check it out.  SHOULD BE
DONE.

Do ask user if they want to keep or clear queue when doing a single build
(i.e. where BUILDPKGS != 1).

Would it be helpful to have a way to run a queue through the update function?
Suppose you have a saved queue with several deps and a final pkg, and some of those
deps have been updated in the repo but the saved queue has older versions.  If
the queue is processed, it will automatically pick up the newer versions, but
that is only for building and those changes are not 'saved' to the queue.
Maybe it would be helpful to be able to update a queue (but not run it).

Maybe standardize all the "Done" type dialogs.  Perhaps create a simple
function that displays "Done" (similar to the empty_queue function) and then
call the function whenever a "Done" message is needed.  We could even set it
so you can pass an argument, which would be specific text depending on what
was 'Done', like:

done_msg () {
MSG=$1
dialog --title "Done" --msgbox "stuff $MSG"
}

...

done_msg "The cache has been cleared"
