The following are the known user-visible issues in sbopkg or upstream in the
tools it uses:

* in dialog '--inputbox' widgets (the boxes the user types text into) the
  left/right arrows do not navigate in a button context. (They do navigate in
  an editing context.) This does not seem to be an sbopkg issue.

  Workaround: navigate with up/down arrows or tab/shift-tab
  Note: there is a newer dialog version available which fixes this issue, but
  we encourage users to stick with the dialog Slackware ships.

* if dialog is run in a terminal emulator and the user exits using the
  window manager's 'close' (or equivalent) button/command, dialog may hang,
  using full CPU capacity and have to be killed. This does not seem to be an
  sbopkg issue.

  Details: http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg/issues/detail?id=30

  Workaround: use dialog's own exit methods - its buttons, escape, ^C, etc.

* when checking for updates, for some packages Sbopkg may tell you
  "Note: repo version not obtainable by standard method, may be inaccurate.".
  This happens with packages whose version is very difficult/impossible to
  determine without actually building the package -- one example of this at
  the time of writing is the google-chrome package, whose version is picked
  from the source archive itself. In these cases sbopkg falls back to trusting
  the .info file, and warns the user about it.

  Workaround: none needed

* while you are free to set PAGER to any value you like, be aware that some
  pagers and settings may cause unexpected behavior. An example is if paging
  less than a screenful of output from the uninstalled packages option - the
  default pager 'more' will exit, displaying the packages and a prompt. 'less'
  may prompt for exit and clear its output on exit. Setting the environment
  variable LESS to include the F and X options will make less behave more like
  more in this instance. Other pagers may have other behaviors and other means
  of configuration.

  Workaround: pager-specific
