Starting with sbopkg version 0.0.8, there is a feature that displays
potential updates to SBo packages installed on a user's system.  This
feature is still a work in progress, and bugs are expected.  Most bugs
will manifest themselves as either (a) missing updates -- those
updates that should appear in the list but do not or (b) false
positives -- updates listed in the list that are not really updates at
all.  If you run into either of these problems, please do the
following in order to assist me with bug-reporting:

To begin debugging, please edit your sbopkg.conf and change the DEBUG
variable and set it as follows:  DEBUG=2.

This variable turns on a more detailed update list.  This more
detailed list will list all installed SlackBuilds.org packages, and
will list package updates, packages that have no updates, packages
that are not in the repo, and packages for which the installed version
is newer than the repo version.  This variable also saves the update
list as a permanent log, described below.

After this variable has been changed, save the sbopkg.conf file and
rerun sbopkg.  Please select the update feature as normal and then
exit sbopkg.  The permanent log of the update list will now be saved
in $TMP/sbopkg-debug-updatelist.

Finally, in order to compare this permanent log with the actual list
of installed packages, please do as a root user:

# cd /var/log/packages; ls *SBo* > mypackagelist.txt

Please forward the permanent log and the mypackagelist.txt files to me
via email to chess@chessgriffin.com or post them in the sbopkg mailing
list, which can be found at the project's Google Code page:
http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg.

Once you have forwarded or copied the log and the mypackagelist.txt to
a safe location, feel free to change the DEBUG variable in sbopkg.conf
back to its original setting (the default is 0, but some may have it
set to 1), which will then disable the creation of the permanent
update log, keeping your $TMP clean.  Of course, leaving DEBUG=2 is
fine as well and it will create a new $TMP/sbopkg-debug-updatelist
each time the update feature is used as well as display the detailed
update list each time you use the update feature.

Thanks for your help!
