# $Id: README 277 2009-01-01 17:58:50Z chess.griffin $

Sbopkg README
Copyright 2007-2009 Chess Griffin <chess@chessgriffin.com>

Homepage:  http://www.sbopkg.org

ABOUT

Sbopkg is a command-line and dialog-based tool to synchronize with the
SlackBuilds.org ("SBo") repository, a collection of third-party
SlackBuild scripts to build Slackware packages.  Sbopkg will allow the
user to create, synchronize, search, and browse a local copy of the
SBo repository (currently, the size of a local copy of the SBo
repository is less than 50MB), read the ChangeLog, list the installed
SBo packages, display potential updates to SlackBuilds.org packages,
view the README, SlackBuild, .info, and slack-desc files for each
package, and make manual edits to a copy of the original .info or
SlackBuild files.  Sbopkg will also allow the user to select packages
to build and it will download the source code, check the md5sum, build
a Slackware package, and, optionally install the package.  The user
can also build, and optionally install, more than one package by using
the 'build queue' feature.  Sbopkg will not check dependencies since
that is not a feature native to Slackware, but since the build queue
will process packages in the order listed, it sometimes may be
possible to build and install dependencies in order prior to building
and installing the final, desired package.  Given the nature of
building dependencies, however, this probably will not always work and
is not really a supported feature.  Ultimately, Sbopkg is one thing
and one thing only: a medium to easily browse a local copy of the
SlackBuilds.org repository and build packages from it.

Sbopkg can be also be used strictly from the command line without the
dialog interface to do most of the above items.  Typing sbopkg -h
will display the command line options.

HELP

Sbopkg comes with two man pages:  sbopkg.conf(5) and sbopkg(8).  These
man pages are kept up-to-date with functional changes in the script
itself, so they are a good source of information on how to use sbopkg.

If the man pages are not sufficient, please consider joining the
sbopkg mailing list and posting your question there.  There is also an
IRC channel for sbopkg.  Information on all of these resources is on
the project's website at http://www.sbopkg.org - click the "Docs/Help"
tab.

CONTRIBUTORS

I welcome bug reports, suggestions, patches, or feature requests.
Please post any of these to the Issue tracker (kind of like a
Bugzilla) on the project's Google page (click the Issues tab) at
http://code.google.com/p/sbopkg so I can keep track of them.  There
have been many contributors so far, and they are all mentioned near
the top of the sbopkg script itself.  Thanks to everyone who has
helped make this script better.
